---
title: 'TGIS'
date: 2022-02-17
---

<https://tigs.res.in/2022/02/12/scientists/>

TIGS, founded in 2017, is a non-profit research institute that aspires to develop solutions to challenges in human health and agriculture. TIGS is a unique initiative to support applications of cutting-edge science and technology in genetics and genomics to solve societal problems of the country. The most significant challenges that impede the achievement of health equity and nutrition security for all of India’s population require systematic evidence-based scientific advancements and technological solutions. Research programs at TIGS are focused on three broad areas: Infectious Diseases, Rare Genetic Disorders, and Crop Improvement. TIGS is a program driven research institute with a focus on solving pressing societal challenges. We are looking for scientists at different levels for research programs and technology platforms at TIGS. If you are interested in making a difference in science with high societal impact and have the necessary credentials, please apply for a suitable vacancy.

### Required Qualifications:

- PhD in the related discipline
- Post-doctoral experience in relevant field
- Proven record of research (publications)
- Highly motivated, committed, and able to take initiatives
- Expected to come up with new ideas
- Excellent communication skills

### Salary:

Competitive

### Duration:

Regularization after successful completion of a probation period of at least one year.

### How to apply:

If interested, please send the following documents by email to: jobs@tigs.res.in

- i. Cover letter defining your research plan in line with our vision (one page)
- ii. CV with email, phone, and contact information of 3 referees
